README.md, before:

# Logger Feature for AdminJS

This is an official [AdminJS](https://github.com/SoftwareBrothers/adminjs) feature which logs changes to resources.

## AdminJS

AdminJS is an automatic admin interface which can be plugged into your application. You, as a developer, provide database models (like posts, comments, stores, products or whatever else your application uses), and AdminJS generates UI which allows you (or other trusted users) to manage content.

Check out the example application with mongo and postgres models here: https://admin-bro-example-app-staging.herokuapp.com/admin

Or visit [AdminJS](https://github.com/SoftwareBrothers/adminjs) github page.

## Usage


## License

AdminJS is Copyright © 2021 SoftwareBrothers.co. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.

## About SoftwareBrothers.co

<img src="https://softwarebrothers.co/assets/images/software-brothers-logo-full.svg" width=240>

We’re an open, friendly team that helps clients from all over the world to transform their businesses and create astonishing products.

* We are available for [hire](https://softwarebrothers.co/contact).
* If you want to work for us - checkout the [career page](https://softwarebrothers.co/career).

Commit message:

feat: add example app, update docs, update config options

README.md, after:

# Logger Feature for AdminJS

This is an official [AdminJS](https://github.com/SoftwareBrothers/adminjs) feature which logs changes to resources.

## AdminJS

AdminJS is an automatic admin interface which can be plugged into your application. You, as a developer, provide database models (like posts, comments, stores, products or whatever else your application uses), and AdminJS generates UI which allows you (or other trusted users) to manage content.

Check out the example application with mongo and postgres models here: https://admin-bro-example-app-staging.herokuapp.com/admin

Or visit [AdminJS](https://github.com/SoftwareBrothers/adminjs) github page.

## Usage

See an example application in the repository: [Example App](https://github.com/SoftwareBrothers/adminjs-logger/tree/master/example)

## License

AdminJS is Copyright © 2021 SoftwareBrothers.co. It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.

## About SoftwareBrothers.co

<img src="https://softwarebrothers.co/assets/images/software-brothers-logo-full.svg" width=240>

We’re an open, friendly team that helps clients from all over the world to transform their businesses and create astonishing products.

* We are available for [hire](https://softwarebrothers.co/contact).
* If you want to work for us - checkout the [career page](https://softwarebrothers.co/career).
